t Living it Singnpera —Titittya to Do Kids Hames Travel Witte & Ding Style & Beauty Men = Mewith «= (Blog: «‘Sitisscrite We TRS | Piro XS ED 200s ve x \ Marathon blog: Things they don't tell you about Grocery delivery in running Singapore: Get $15 off your first order at this ‘With the marathon looming on the horizon, here's what no one tells you about training for Hair loss and thinning a long-distance race hair solutions in By Anca Wren Singapore: 6 steps to As you may or may not have read in one of my recem biogs, I've gone and signed up for the Standard Chartered Marathon on December 7 Why? Fin out here (because | cant Sponsor a mobile => remember half the time either) library for kids in Cambodia For any of you who are thinking of signing Up (do It, do it, do it), you stil have time to train jf you get going now. BUT, there are a few things you should know about running a marathon in Singapore before you start. 25 activities to do with 1. Kiss goodbye io that lovely little lady at the salon who paints your pretty rootsies she just became completely guests in Singapore - redundant lah. You'll-be lucky to keep hold of seven to eight toenails once your training kicks in Whatever you aa. have will turn black (or light brown. if you're blessed), blisters upon olisters will tum into deep sacks of ald blood Skincare products in and a few manly-looking veins might even appear Sure people will look’on in horror when you wander about in flip flops, but each lost toenail aciually begins feel like badge of honour. Singapore: to a Lightening, 2 Chafing is something that | didn't take seriously... and how | have a small scar on my arm following a hatt marathon in Punggol. Why? Because | didn't lube up properly and what started as a niggle in my arm strap at 3K transformed into a hot, gaping wound by 20K. If you're planning to run more than 10K, crack out the KY Jelly and get seriously jubey - particularly the thighs, armpits, bra-area. Keep applying until you could hit five meters on a ary Slip 'n’ Slide. It’s not going to prevent chafing altogether - i's pretty much impossible with the sweat situation {in Singers - but it will really help reduce the scabbing. Sexy, | know.