tr Livingin Singapore ThingstoDo Kids Homes Travel  Wine&Dine  Style&Beauty Men Health Blog) Subscribe Yea THES Disgo ON = € ED 200s 4 < Marathon blog: Things they don't tell you about Grocery delivery a in running Singapore: Get $15 off your first order at this With the marathon looming on the horizon, here's what no one tel you about Hair loss and thinnin training for a long-distance race hair solutions in By Rachas! Wheeler Singapore: 6 steps to ‘As you may or may not have read in one of my recent blogs, I've gone and signed up for the ‘Standard Chartered Marathon on December 7. Why? Find out here (because | can't Sponsor a mobile = remember half the time either) library for kids in Cambodia For any of you who are thinking of signing up (do it, do it, do it!), you still have time to train if you get going now. BUT, there are a few things you should know about running a marathon in Singapore before you start. 25 activities to do with guests in Singapore 1. Kiss goodbye to that lovely little lady at the salon who paints your pretty tootsies she just became completely - redundant lah. You'll be lucky to keep hold of seven to eight toenails once your training kicks in. Whatever you do have will turn black (or light brown, if you're blessed), blisters upon blisters will tum into deep sacks of old blood ‘Skincare . products . in and a few manly-looking veins might even appear. Sure, people will look on in horror when you wander about in {lip flops, but each lost toenail actually begins to feel like a badge of honour. Singapore: | take seriously... Lightening, 2. Chafing is something that didn’t and now | have a small scar on my arm following a half marathon in Punggol. Why? Because | didn’t lube up properly and what started as a niggle in my arm strap at 3K ‘transformed into a hot, gaping wound by 20K. If you're planning to run more than 10K. crack out the KY Jelly and get seriously lubey - particularly the thighs, armpits, bra-area. Keep applying until you could hit five meters on a ary Slip 'n’ Slide. I's not going to prevent chafing altogether - i's pretty much impossible with the sweat situation in Singers - but it will really help reduce the scabbing. Sexy, | know.