tinue to mature with age. [he and thoughts that Invade you. other peoples too. While all mother who would never see JESMYN WARD What it’s like to feel rejected. that's been going on, empathy her children off into the world. Autnar of Men We Reaved What it’s like to realize that has quietly been forming; it’s The person who wouldn't have v everyone is essentially on almost a chemical process. the chance to livea long life. The Hero and the Crown their own. And if you're a writer, Younger me tended to take by Robin McKinley But then the older ver- you've also been reading. A lot, the short view, feeling "When | wes arourid &, | sion of had lo pul the And while Belzhar isn'ta rip- every- me thing along with the dlscoveren this DOOK at my whole thing into off ora retelling of The Bell Jar, narra- context, to Inoal hook fair! oharmen tor as it happened and never rememtber that circumstances it reflects on Plath’s novel and onrof my couse, thinking about thatnebulous buying it'for and then | can change if you give (hem owes a debt to it. It’s not that me, thing called the future. But devoured I{. The freroine is enough Lime, even if my nar- you want to imitate the book now, asa middle-aged woman, an ilegitimate princess whe rator can't know it.I wanted you admire; you just want to I definitely took the long view. hunts dragens i an attempt the older me to be somewhere do your version of what that to find 2 piaoe for herseif in in the mix of this book, did: ltoccurs to me that not only YA writer you want to tell the hee father’s Kingdom, The readers but also writers often though not to give Jama truth, fiction-style, herainetis taudh, stubborm fall into the habit of taking ei- and smart, taking ward goody-goody artificial voice There are quite a few of us on a ther the short or the lang view bant an maling Aer iess than of reason. Books aren’t moral- former teenagers—women in when they work. I’ma novelist she is. (empathized,” ily plays; they don’t all need the middle of their lives (and whose fiction has mainly been lessons. But given that Belzhar some men, forsure)—who for adults; my most recent takes place in a special class have never forgotten what it adult book, The Interestings, lav- ata special boarding school, it felt like to read The Bell Jar for ishes a lot of time on its char- seemed appropriate thal there the first Lime. So what are we acters when they're young. would indeed be some kind of supposed to do with all that Then it keeps going, folowing essential lesson conveyed. leftover feeling? them from age 15 all the way And that’s the point at Me, I decided to writea into their 50s—an age Ican which Mrs, Q stepped in: Jam's book. : TIME January ty, 2015 65