tt 1” Singapore, Thinyn te Kidde = Homan Mon jour) Blog \ OA ¢ ED oe 2 Marathon blog: Things they don't tell you about « rocery delivery delivery i in A running Singapore: Get $15 off your first order at this With ths marathon looming on the horizon, hare's what no one tells you about mil fair loss and thinning anil tralning fora long-distance race hair solutions in 11> Earth Singapore: 6 steps to As you may or may not have read in ane of my recent blogs, I've gone and signed up for the ‘Ssanoaro (Shanetec:Maramnna on December 7. Why? Find aut lire inecanise can't Sponsor a mobile i i semember half the time either: - library for kids in of Cambodia For any you who are thinking of signing up (do it, do it, do it!}, you stilphave time to train if you get gaing now. BUT, there are a few things you should naw about rl) = riiiiin if) Stkgapane befare you start. 25 ai ies to do with guests in Singapore 1. Kiss goodbye to that {ovely littie lady at the salon whe paints your pretty tootstes she just became completely - redundant lah. You'll be lucky to keep hold of seven 10 eight toenails once your training Kicks in. Whatever you do ave will turn black (or light brown uf you're blessed), blisters upon blisters will turn into deep sacks of old blood Skincare products in and a few manly-looking veins might even appear. Sure. people will look cn in horror when you wander about in flip flops, but.each last toenail actually begins to.feel lke a badge of honour. Singapore: Lightening, 2. Chating is something that | didn't take seriously... and naw | have a small scar an my arm follawing a half marathon in unggal: Why? Because | didn't lube up properly and what started as a niggle in my arm strap at 3K - transformed into a hot, gaping wound by 20K. If you're planning to run more than 10K, crack aut the KY Jelly and yi get seriously IUbey - particularly the thighs, armpits, bra-area. Keep applying until you could. hit five meters on a \\ dry Slip 'n’ Slide. Its not going to prevent chafing altogether - i's pretty much impossible with the sweat situation in Singers - but it will really help reduce the scabbing. Sexy, | know.