tinue to mature with age. Ine and thoughts that Invade you. other peoples too. While all mother who would never see JESMYN WARD What it’s like to feel rejected. that’s been going on, empathy her children off into the world. Author of Men We Reaped What it’s like to realize that has quietly been forming; it’s The person who wouldn't have v everyone is essentially on almost a chemical process. the chance to live a long life. The Hero and the Crown their own. And if you’re a writer, Younger tended to take by Robin McKinley But then the older you've also been reading. A lot. me ver- the short view, feeling “When | was around 8, | sion of had to put the And while Belzhar isn’t rip- every- me a thing along with the discovered this book at my whole thing into off a retelling of The Bell narra- context, to or Jar, local book fair. | charmed tor as it happened and never remember that circumstances it reflects on Plath’s novel and one of my cousins into thinking about that nebulous buying it for me, and then I can change if you give them. owes a debt to it. It’s not that thing called the future. But devoured it. The heroine is enough time, even if my nar- you want to imitate the book now, asa middle-aged woman, an illegitimate princess who rator can’t knowit. I wanted you admire; you just want to I definitely took the long view. hunts dragons in an attempt the older to be somewhere do version of what that me your that only to find a place for herself in in the mix of this book, writer did: tell the It occurs to me not YA you want to her father’s kingdom. The readers but also writers often though not to give Jama truth, fiction-style. heroine is tough, stubborn fall into the habit of taking ei- and taking world goody-goody artificial voice There are quite a few of us smart, on a ther the short or the long view bent on making her less than of reason. Books aren’t moral- former teenagers—women in when they work. I’m a novelist she is. | empathized.” ity plays; they don’t all need the middle of their lives (and whose fiction has mainly been lessons. But given that Belzhar some men, for sure)—who for adults; my most recent takes place in a special class have never forgotten what it adult book, The Interestings, lav- at a special boarding school, it felt like to read The Bell Jar for ishes a lot of time on its char- seemed appropriate that there the first time. So what are we acters when they’re young. would indeed be some kind of supposed to do with all that Then it keeps going, following essential lesson conveyed. leftover feeling? them from age 15 all the way And that’s the point at Me, I decided to write a into their 50s—an age I can which Mrs. Q stepped in: Jam’s book. / TIME January 19, 2015 65