eC Meee LeIA PUTO eee) MES Mellin aie et La La MET etl Maree ele Tel ola location in Rome, and produced and directed by one of Hotlywood's most'skillful, distinguished, prafessional and eminent.directors - William Wyler. | The film's bittersweet story is a charming romantic-comedy, a kind of Cinderella tale in © reverse (with an April-October romance). A runaway princess (Hepburn) rebels against her royal obligations and escapes the insulated confines of her royal prison to find a ‘Prince Charming’ commoner - an American reporter {Peck} covering the royal tour-in Rome. The story was reportedly based on the real-life Italian adventures of British Princess Margaret. _ Wyler was known for other great films including Dudsworth (1936), Jezebel (1938), Wuthering Heights (1933), The Letter (1940), Mrs. Miniver (1942), The Best Years of Our Lives (1946), The Heiress (1949), Friendly Persuasicn (1956), Ben-Hur (1959) and Funny Girl (1968). Wyler's well-crafted, stylish films that caver a.wide range of film genres (family dramas, westerns, epics, romantic comedies, and even one. musical) always included down-to-earth chararters in real-life situations. The film received a phenamenal ten Academy Award nominations for a comedy. It won a Best Actress Oscar for its under-experienced British (Belgium-born) actress namad Audrey Hepburn - it was her first American film, although she hed ‘previously appeared:in six European movies and on Broadway tn an adaptation of Colette's Gigi. Another Co) aati eae mal CRO orl LC COM al Meat mela cme dT tat] Bote) avany ali) [0M oe Ta dR TaM eln e-em Wc Pa Molde ule Octal y was properly credited ard given to blacklisted Hollywood Ten author Dalton Trumbo, wha actually wrate the screenplay. The third Oscar it received was for Best B/W. Costume Design (Edith Head). The ather seven nominations included: Best Picture, Best Supporting Actor (Eddie-Albert), Best Director, Best Screenplay (lan McClellan Hunter and John Dightan), Best B/W Cinematography, Best B/W Art Direction/Set Decoration, and Best Film Editing.