tinue to mature with age. Ine and thougnts that invade you. other peoples too, While all mother who would never see JESMYN WARD What it’s like to feel rejected. that’s been going on, empathy her children off into the world. Author of Mer! We Renioed What it’s like torealize that has quietly been forming; it’s The person who wouldn’t have v everyone is essentially on almost a chemical process. the chance to live a long life. The Hero and the Crown their own, And if you're a writer, Younger tended to take by Robin McKinley But then the older ver- you've also been reading. A lot. me the short view, feeling every- "Wher! wes aound 8,f sion of me had to put the And while Belzhar isn'ta rip- thing along with the discovered tis OdaK al my whole thing into off retelling of The Bell narra- fh context, to ora Jar, focet.n00k fair oharrmag. tor as it happened and never remember that circumstances it reflects on Plath’s novel and Oni of my.douséins. Inte thinking about that nebulous buying It for ane then | can change if you givethem owes a debt tot. [t’s not that me. thing called the future. But devoured Ik The healhe tb enough time, even if my nar- you want to imitate the book now, asa middle-aged woman, an Illegumate pilnaaaa wilo rator can’t know it. I wanted you admire; you just want to I definitely took the long view. hunts aragons 3 on alteropr the alder to be somewhere do version of what that me your that only to thio iT piace for Herseifin, in the mix of this book, writer did: tell the It occurs to me not YA you want te her tather’s kingdani: The readers but also writers often though not to give Jama truth, fiction-style. hereme ie tnagh, 8Ribharn fall into the habit of taking ei- goody-goody artificial voice There are quite a few of us aind amart. taking an n warid ther the short or the long view banc bA meiorg par tass than of reason. Books aren’t moral- former teenagers—women in when they work. I’ma novelist snes fempathized ” ity plays; they don’t all need the middle of their lives (and whose fiction has mainly been lessons. But given that Belzhar some men, forsure)—who for adults; my most recent takes place in a special class have never forgotten what it adult book, The Interestings, lav- at aspecial boarding school, it felt like to read The Bell Jar for ishes a lol of time on its char- seemed appropriate that there the first time. So what are we acters when they’re young. would indeed be some kind of supposed to do with all that Then it keeps going, following essential lesson conveyed. leftover feeling? them from age 15 all the way And that’s the point at Me, I decided lo write.a into their sos—an age I can. which Mrs. Q stepped in: Jam's book. . TIME January 1g, 2015 65