Tiewetefa Ride Hen Tearel = Wire bMived = Seyi A Semuty thal Blog = Sluibocnine oN WAS [pee A © EEED> Bic Marathon blog: Things they don't tell you about N Grocery delivery in running Singapore: Get $15 off } ( ( your first order at this ) ‘With the marathon looming on the horizon, here's what noone tells you about A training for a tong-distance race ee Hair | d thinnil eg hair solutions in Ty Pear Went Singapore: 6 steps to : As you may or may not have read in one of my recent blogs. I've gone and signed up far the Standard Gnatterea Marathon on Decemoer 7. Why? Find out here ibecause | can't Sponsor a mobile f remember haif the time either library for kids in Cambodia For any of you who are thinking of signing up (do it, do it, do it!), you still have time to train it you get going now. BUT, there are a few things you should know about ninming a mararnon in Singapore befare you start guests in Singapore 1. Kiss goodbye to that lovely tittle lady at the salon who paints your pretty tootsies she just became.completety - fedundant lah. You'll be luicky 10 keep hid of sevento eight toenails once your training kicks in. Whatever you do ave will turn black (or light brawn, 1f yau're blessed), blisters upon biisters ‘ill 1um into deep sacks of old blood care products in and a few maniy-looking veins might even appear. Sure. peopie will lnDk an m horror when you wander about in flip flops, bur each lost toenail actually begins to feel llke a badige of honour. Singapore: Lightening, 2 Ghating.is something ihat | didn’t take seriously... and now | have a small scar on my arm following a haif marathon in Punggol. Why? Becalise | didi iube up property and what started as a niggle in my arm sirap at 3K transformed into a hot, gaping wound by 20K. If you're planning to run more than 10K, crack oul the KY Jelly and get seriously Iubey - particularty the thighs, armpns, bra-area. Keep applying until you could ht five meters on a dry Slip ‘n’ Slide. It's not going ta prevent chafing altogether - 1's pretty. much impossible with the sweat situation in Singers - but it wil really help reduce the scabbing. Sexy. | know.