Abstract ‘small black and brown dog play with a red ball in the grass In this multimodal convolutional {dog play with a ed ballin paper, we propose neu- the grass ral networks (m-CNNs) for matching image and sentence. black and (mall brown do] Our m-CNN provides end-to-end framework with play with a red ball an convo- lutional architectures to exploit image representation, word =) Ba a - a) B Eas composition, and the matching relations between the two modalities. More specifically, it consists of one image CNN encoding the image content and one matching CNN mod- ES i= = eling the joint representation of image and sentence. The matching CNN composes different semantic fragments from Figure 1. Multimodal matching relations between image and words and learns the inter-modal relations between image sentence. The words and phrases, such “grass”, “a red as and the composed fragments at different levels, thus ful- ball”, and “small black and brown dog play ly exploit the matching relations between image and sen- with a red ball”, correspond to the image areas of their tence. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed grounding meanings. The sentence “small black and m-CNNS effectively capture the information brown dog play with a red ball in the grass” can necessary for and matching. More specifically, expresses the meaning of the whole image. image sentence our proposed m-CNNSs significantly outperform the state-of- whole sentence “small black and brown dog play the-art approaches for bidirectional image and sentence re- trieval the Flickr8K and Flickr30K datasets. with a red ball in the grass”, expressing a com- on plete meaning, associates with the whole image. These matching relations should be all taken into consideration for an accurate multimodal matching between image and sen- 1. Introduction tence. Recently, much research work focuses on modeling Associating image with natural language sentence plays the image and sentence matching relation at the specific lev-