Living in Singapore
Things to Do
Kids
Homes
Travel
Wine & Dine
Style & Beauty
Men
Health
Blog
Subscribe
Home Blogs
Trending Now
Marathon blog: Things they don't tell you about
grocery delivery in
running
Singapore: Get $15 off
your first order at this
With the marathon looming on the horizon, here's what no one tells you about
Hair loss and thinning
training for a long-distance race
hair solutions in
By Rachael Wheeler
Singapore: 6 steps to
As you may or may not have read in one of my recent blogs, I've gone and signed up for the
Standard Chartered Marathon on December 7. Why? Find out here (because I can't
Sponsor a mobile
remember half the time either).
library for kids in
Cambodia
For any of you who are thinking of signing up (do it, do it, do it!), you still have time to train if
you get going now. BUT, there are a few things you should know about running a marathon in Singapore before
you start...
25 activities to do with
guests in Singapore
1. Kiss goodbye to that lovely little lady at the salon who paints your pretty tootsies - she just became completely
redundant lah. You'll be lucky to keep hold of seven to eight toenails once your training kicks in. Whatever you do
have will turn black (or light brown, if you're blessed), blisters upon blisters will turn into deep sacks of old blood
Skincare products in
and a few manly-looking veins might even appear. Sure, people will look on in horror when you wander about in
Singapore:
flip flops, but each lost toenail actually begins to feel like a badge of honour.
Lightening,
2. Chafing is something that I didn't take seriously... and now I have a small scar on my arm following a half
marathon in Punggol. Why? Because I didn't lube up properly and what started as a niggle in my arm strap at 3K
transformed into a hot, gaping wound by 20K. If you're planning to run more than 10K, crack out the KY Jelly and
get seriously lubey - particularly the thighs, armpits, bra-area. Keep applying until you could hit five meters on a
dry Slip 'n' Slide. It's not going to prevent chafing altogether - it's pretty much impossible with the sweat situation
in Singers - but it will really help reduce the scabbing. Sexy, I know.
Noticeboard
